update the image section of the next.js guide (#10189)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/pages/framework-guides/deploy-a-nextjs-site.md

};
```

> ## The Image component

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## `Image` component
```

> The Cloudflare network does not provide the same image optimization support as the Vercel network does, because of this
> the Next.js' `<Image />` component behaves differently from how it would in the Vercel network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Cloudflare network does not provide the same image optimization support as the Vercel network does, because of this the Next.js' `<Image />` component behaves differently from how it would in the Vercel network.
```

 - If you build your application as a static one the `<Image />` component won't actually serve images at all.

>  - If you build your application using `@cloudflare/next-on-pages` the component will work but not perform any image optimization
> (regardless of the props you pass to it).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - If you build your application using `@cloudflare/next-on-pages`, the component will work but it will not perform any image optimization (regardless of the [props](https://react.dev/learn/passing-props-to-a-component) you pass to it).
```

> Both cases can be improved by setting up proper [loaders](https://nextjs.org/docs/pages/api-reference/components/image#loader) for
>  the `<Image />` component which allow you to use any image optimization service you want. In case you'd like to use the [Cloudflare
>  Images](https://www.cloudflare.com/en-gb/products/cloudflare-images) please check out our [Next.js image resizing integration guide](/images/image-resizing/integration-with-frameworks/#nextjs).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Both cases can be improved by setting up proper [loaders](https://nextjs.org/docs/pages/api-reference/components/image#loader) for the `<Image />` component, which allow you to use any image optimization service you want. To use [Cloudflare Images](/images/cloudflare-images/), refer to the [Next.js image resizing integration guide](/images/image-resizing/integration-with-frameworks/#nextjs).
```
